As an enlisted man in the marine corps, I spent about half my time in
the work uniform which was called utilities which were the green rough
cloth uniforms that were worn in combat areas, or combat fatigues
which we wore in Vietnam. But then about half the time I was in dress
uniform like when I was in language school in Washington DC we wore
dress uniforms all the time, which was the green coat during the
winter months, or the khakis during summer months. When I got in the
navy I start out wearing the bell bottom enlisted uniform but almost
immediate with god in the officer ranks where I wore dress blues in
the winter or summer whites in the summer, with full dress whites
which were the choker whites uniforms, during that time. But almost
always the dress uniform, although I had work uniforms the navy for
when I went to the range to qualify and was a range officer, for instance
for marksmanship instruction